com/example/handlelife/overview/PageViewModel.java
 com.example.handlelife.overview.PageViewModel
com/getbase/floatingactionbutton/FloatingActionButton.java
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$1
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$FAB_SIZE
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$TranslucentLayerDrawable
com/example/handlelife/EnglishWeekBar.java
 com.example.handlelife.EnglishWeekBar
com/example/handlelife/overview/fragment/CustomNoteFragment.java
 com.example.handlelife.overview.fragment.CustomNoteFragment
com/example/handlelife/base/fragment/FragmentAdapter.java
 com.example.handlelife.base.fragment.FragmentAdapter
com/sinyi/uselessitem/base/UselessItem.java
 com.sinyi.uselessitem.base.UselessItem
 com.sinyi.uselessitem.base.UselessItem$itemDataType
com/example/handlelife/customui/InfoDialogButton.java
 com.example.handlelife.customui.InfoDialogButton
 com.example.handlelife.customui.InfoDialogButton$1
 com.example.handlelife.customui.InfoDialogButton$2
 com.example.handlelife.customui.InfoDialogButton$3
 com.example.handlelife.customui.InfoDialogButton$InfoDialogType
com/example/handlelife/create/fragment/CreateAcFragment.java
 com.example.handlelife.create.fragment.CreateAcFragment
com/example/handlelife/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.handlelife.BuildConfig
com/example/handlelife/overview/fragment/AccountBookFragment.java
 com.example.handlelife.overview.fragment.AccountBookFragment
com/getbase/floatingactionbutton/FloatingActionsMenu.java
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionsMenu
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionsMenu$1
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionsMenu$2
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionsMenu$LayoutParams
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionsMenu$LayoutParams$1
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionsMenu$OnFloatingActionsMenuUpdateListener
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionsMenu$RotatingDrawable
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionsMenu$SavedState
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionsMenu$SavedState$1
com/sinyi/uselessitem/base/ItemListFragment.java
 com.sinyi.uselessitem.base.ItemListFragment
com/example/handlelife/SimpleWeekView.java
 com.example.handlelife.SimpleWeekView
com/example/handlelife/customui/HandleLinearlayout.java
 com.example.handlelife.customui.HandleLinearlayout
com/example/handlelife/overview/fragment/EventReminderFragment.java
 com.example.handlelife.overview.fragment.EventReminderFragment
com/example/handlelife/group/GroupRecyclerView.java
 com.example.handlelife.group.GroupRecyclerView
 com.example.handlelife.group.GroupRecyclerView$OnGroupChangeListener
com/example/handlelife/overview/fragment/AlarmClockFragment.java
 com.example.handlelife.overview.fragment.AlarmClockFragment
com/getbase/floatingactionbutton/AddFloatingActionButton.java
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.AddFloatingActionButton
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.AddFloatingActionButton$1
com/sinyi/uselessitem/dummy/DummyContent.java
 com.sinyi.uselessitem.dummy.DummyContent
 com.sinyi.uselessitem.dummy.DummyContent$DummyItem
com/example/handlelife/SimpleMonthView.java
 com.example.handlelife.SimpleMonthView
com/example/handlelife/customui/FragmentGetPosition.java
 com.example.handlelife.customui.FragmentGetPosition
com/example/handlelife/MainActivity.java
 com.example.handlelife.MainActivity
com/example/handlelife/base/activity/BaseActivity.java
 com.example.handlelife.base.activity.BaseActivity
com/example/handlelife/group/GroupItemDecoration.java
 com.example.handlelife.group.GroupItemDecoration
com/example/handlelife/overview/fragment/SpecialDateFragment.java
 com.example.handlelife.overview.fragment.SpecialDateFragment
 com.example.handlelife.overview.fragment.SpecialDateFragment$1
com/example/handlelife/base/adapter/BaseRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.example.handlelife.base.adapter.BaseRecyclerAdapter
 com.example.handlelife.base.adapter.BaseRecyclerAdapter$1
 com.example.handlelife.base.adapter.BaseRecyclerAdapter$OnClickListener
 com.example.handlelife.base.adapter.BaseRecyclerAdapter$OnItemClickListener
com/sinyi/uselessitem/base/ItemRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.sinyi.uselessitem.base.ItemRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.sinyi.uselessitem.base.ItemRecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/handlelife/base/fragment/BaseFragment.java
 com.example.handlelife.base.fragment.BaseFragment
com/getbase/floatingactionbutton/TouchDelegateGroup.java
 com.getbase.floatingactionbutton.TouchDelegateGroup
com/sinyi/uselessitem/database/ItemDataBase.java
 com.sinyi.uselessitem.database.ItemDataBase
com/example/handlelife/customui/FragmentTransfer.java
 com.example.handlelife.customui.FragmentTransfer
com/sinyi/uselessitem/base/UselessItemAdapter.java
 com.sinyi.uselessitem.base.UselessItemAdapter
 com.sinyi.uselessitem.base.UselessItemAdapter$1
 com.sinyi.uselessitem.base.UselessItemAdapter$UselessItemViewHolder
com/example/handlelife/overview/OverViewActivity.java
 com.example.handlelife.overview.OverViewActivity
com/example/handlelife/customui/HandleTimePicker.java
 com.example.handlelife.customui.HandleTimePicker
com/example/handlelife/group/GroupRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.example.handlelife.group.GroupRecyclerAdapter
com/example/handlelife/overview/OverViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.handlelife.overview.OverViewPagerAdapter
com/example/handlelife/create/CreateActivity.java
 com.example.handlelife.create.CreateActivity
